#Project Log Day 9  7/20/2022

Today I recieved the voice clips from the artist on fiver.  They came out pretty good, only one of them has to be redone.  I thought the audio itself was pretty decent
and were close to the original bmo voice.

But BMO in the show has this kind of monotone-ish voice with some filters over the voice that make the character sound cloudy or a tad more like a robot, so I hopped into
BandLabs and messed around with voice tones for quite a bit until I found a sound I was happy with.

Both of these mp3 files along with BMO reference audio can be found in the "MP3 and MP4 files" Folder.

From here I uploaded the edited audio to Adobe Character Animator and had it analyze the audio and create the animation that sync with the mouth.

They were far from perfect so I changed most of the animation frames which took quite a bit of time as I had to match every sound with 1 of 13 options, and then change 
their lengths accordingly to how long they were being said.

But after it came out pretty good and looked rather realistic. 

After this I decided to record the eye animations which included blinking and eye movements.  Instead of controlling the eye movements with my eyes, which is quite 
straining on your eyes if done to long, I switched over to controlling them with the arrow keys on my keyboard.  I kept blinking to still be controlled with my face as it
looked much more natural this way.

This took quite a bit of takes but I would say I am extremely happy with the results of this as well.

After I decided to record an idle animation for BMO which is about 45 seconds long.  This just consisted of various eye movements that felt more lively and true to BMO's
playful character.

Currently I have an big mp4 file that contains all the BMO voice lines and animations.  Hopefully by the end of the day I will be able to edit all these down into their
own separate clips.

Moreover, my second servo, power adapter, and power bank have all arrived.  

A truly amazing day of progress matched with perfect timing.

Perhaps tommorrow I will be able to test out the 8-inch lcd screen with these animations.
